Update oc-mirror-imageset-config-parameters-v2.adoc (#89836)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-imageset-config-parameters-v2.adoc

Example: `registry.redhat.io/ubi8/ubi:latest`

|`mirror.blockedImages`

> |List of images by tag or digest (SHA) to block from mirroring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|List of images with a tag or digest (SHA) to block from mirroring.
```

AFAIK we use images with tags, digest, and so on. "by tag or digest (SHA" doesn't read clear to me. I suggest to rephrase as above.

Author: okay..thanks for suggestion @xenolinux

> |Image with a SHA or a tag can be specified depending on whether the image is available in the source registry with a tag or a SHA.

Reviewer 2: @kchawlani19 I am not clear on what this sentence means. Perhaps it is my ignorance of the subject matter. I wonder if a QE resource could help clarify what you want to change? @kuiwang02 I see that [you recently reviewed a PR](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/86791#issuecomment-2635771443) that included this module. Can you help?

Reviewer 3: @kchawlani19 I am sorry it is better to request oc-mirror qe to review it.
cc @zhouying7780

Author: @zhouying7780 , can you please help with reviewing this PR

Reviewer 4: @kasturinarra Could you please help take a look, thanks
